PLGMAGONE-758: Magento 1: Release of 3.3.0 (#2529)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/magento-1.md

<summary>Changelog</summary>
<br>

**3.3.0**

> Release date: Oct. 4th, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: Oct 4, 2022
```

### Added

> + DAVAMS-528: Add AliPay+ payment method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ DAVAMS-528: Add Alipay+ payment method
```

### Fixed

> + PLGMAGONE-757: Fix an issue, where some payment methods were not shown in the checkout, in some weird cases, most probably related with case sensitiveness declaration in the config.xml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ PLGMAGONE-757: Fixed issue to ensure all payment methods display in the checkout, related to the case sensitivity declaration in the config.xml file
```
